guys very important if not
you have already signed up for the channel
if you did you have to go to mine
official youtube page press on
small gear and do send me
all notifications of this channel so
you will receive a small notification when
I will have uploaded a video on my channel
thank you
beautiful all guys here i can that
Pope color that speaks to you I refer
well to camera so you see me for
good thing that is mentioned with a new one
episode of the ex play on the clan horn
girl not to see the news a bit and
I will show a new defense that I have
created already inspired by youtube and a
small attack with the new flaws
level 5 I know I brought little
long ago but we immediately begin with the
new kids real monster defense
wait set as active here it is
the new defense against the course
kiwi delegate or guidettes anyway
a defense that I found on a cart
and French and I have to tell you I don't know if instead
and noticed but the troops when they change
a place when you change
the village passes through the walls
they don't jump so this is a small one
bugs
anyway returning in black inspired
from a French channel and I must say that
with what little defenses I made
it works pretty well as you see
these are the three defenses that hand that
I suffered three attacks against three
attacks more immediately than the other but in the end
some accounts went quite well
obviously not a village for the
resources as you see the mines
sorry the deposits are put one
next to each other when a player
wants to attack for the elixir enough that
Attack side button and you're done
but he knows it is not for now a base that I am
it attracts a lot because it didn't go that way
well when they attacked me like
see not on a very strong troops though
he still managed to lose well
life already almost get friends with these
few troops and therefore a little worries me
I'm worried, guys, for now though
I must say that loser or against is fine
versus
against the opponents dies we see some
how it will behave then I'll change it
or not
to note this attacked here
really shit too thrown
potions a little at random and lost
19 trophies are blatantly sent
very happy and thank you to my friend
see the other guys defense defense
always built today always with gods
giants and despite this I did it
according to I say giants are not given have
attacked with barberis yesterday to try
to make 50 percent or steal me
in fact the rice and black that they were in
deposits shame on him and no
those who were in the deposits of burrs
red indeed as you see it as well with
barbera yesterday really managed to
penetrate fine villages and this me
worries a lot of guys worried me
because with a wii wii needle done well it is
very easy to make me even if I do not have heads
doubts about St. provision does not
copied I recommend let you know
if actually good or sucks
then guys for this other part of the
video I wanted to show you the news a
our bringing for my cabbages i
cannons at level 12 advances a lot
slowly guys for the simple
which is why, as you see here, I no longer have
no gem in fact I'm answering it
with dragon but little boy for background
simple reason that if or by chance a thousand
gems there are people who will always break
balls then prisco hide and so
I break my balls I'm saying I'm in
median because with my guns
simply increase with proceeds that
I do with the gold mines so it's not
something exceptional I go enough
but in any case it is fine
you advance little by little and gradually I do
my guns and flies I'm bringing to
level 5 the flywheel and I want to carry it
still at level 6 it would be one thing
beautiful so m2 with wool level 6 e
they are well together that among other things the
veil knows is clearly more beautiful than the
level 4 my mom you can imagine it is
the thing that I brought to the level 5
would be to say the flaws finally i
our dear beloved sins
now I'm bringing frost to level 3
so TV increases a second effect of the
frost but if you think about it very useful
if I wanted to pass the lightning of
fast but for now how I would like to bring
after the 6th the giants or the splits
but I guess that splits wall are clearly
more useful when you can go go with
then do them well or take it
poison and earthquake do not need a
much to bring to a level
higher than me will only cost more
but it no longer works as you see little 4
import level 4 I can sell motorcycles
split any level of walls
therefore it is only a useful thing if there is
you're wondering why I have tamers
camp well wait Saturday
Sunday you will understand a little clue well
left also asking why I didn't
clan
wait a few weeks and you will understand
well there because I'm doing
go and return to certain clans
so guys for this video live
show for to finish the attack which
I have done before using true sins 5
because of course they are unlocked sailing I would like
show why they know what sense has it all
this then thd village has us
abandoned the simple attack
reason that had so many those resources a
end more like aforementioned attack attack
have in this attack I made a
little error
but already sent smashes wall and I have
sent the assault after but still the
has always been effective for this
wall and summer problem golem school in the
got stuck here did not follow
the other and oh well it remained as blocked
from will after behave ee goes well maybe
this was my mistake and then I would have
had to send the real faster
because then I'm wrong he went around
but oh well there is there is
and to note, however , that it lacks level
5 fans a device but an absurd thing
when there is in the two they destroy look
two in one shot you see destroy the
deposited gold at the maximum level that not
it's little guys I tell you and it's not cheap and
really look at a low boy
I can't really say anything else
a deadly weapon pecks level 5
and beautiful then level 5 because still
bigger if they weren't some of
you noticed but when there
you alumnus are like half of the pecker
level 5 I don't know why but I have
understood that it makes them stronger but slutty
misery and these are the double are
huge and then to note that here
arrested for being seen by the little girl
tower
of archers but finally I am
noticed that I still had the ability to
use has recovered several lives and
this is a beautiful thing
of the ability on the reals that ultimately
accounts is very useful well fast start
entirely because as you see many gods
my troops remained stuck between the
walls and then my picano finalized e
everything is a hundred percent that it was not
complicated indeed it is a real finger
beautiful boys wines draw a like is a
comment from vaffa is still everything and me
I recommend used in the codes that sun the
seas that is if you want free genius
yes i know i need some gems
because I have to buy games on the up
xbox to bring you therefore to the boys had
made the elbow live title